Windows Containers: containerd Rel Note (#45133)
openshift/openshift-docs: windows_containers/windows-containers-release-notes-6-x.adoc

This release of the WMCO provides bug fixes for running Windows compute nodes in an {product-title} cluster. The components of the WMCO 6.0.0 were released in 

[id="wmco-6-0-0-new-features"]
=== New features

[id="wmco-6-0-0-containerd"]
==== Containerd is the default container runtime

> Because the Docker runtime is deprecated Kubernetes 1.24, containerD is now the default runtime for WMCO-supported Windows nodes. Upon installation of or upgrade to WMCO 6.0.0, containerd is installed as a Windows service. The kubelet will use containerd for image pulls instead of the Docker runtime. Users no longer need to enable the Docker-formatted container runtime or install the Docker container runtime on Bring-Your-Own-Host (BYOH) instances. You can continue to use nodes based on VM images that use Docker. Containerd can run along with Docker service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the Docker runtime is deprecated with Kubernetes 1.24, containerD is now the default runtime for WMCO-supported Windows nodes. Upon the installation of or an upgrade to WMCO 6.0.0, containerd is installed as a Windows service. The kubelet now uses containerd for image pulls, instead of the Docker runtime. Users no longer need to enable the Docker-formatted container runtime or install the Docker container runtime on Bring-Your-Own-Host (BYOH) instances. You can continue to use nodes based on VM images that use Docker. Containerd can run along with the Docker service.
```

Reviewer: Also not sure if `containerD` s/B `containerd`.

Author: @mjpytlak Lower-case d: [containerd](https://containerd.io/)
